Updates per discussion in Roadmap session (#499)
jaegertracing/documentation: content/roadmap.md

title: Roadmap
---

The following is only a selection of some of the major features we plan to implement, some of which are near term and some are longer term. We have tried to put these in rough priority as well as having a wishlist at the end. To get a more complete overview of planned features and current work, see the issue trackers for the various repositories, for example, the [Jaeger backend](https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger/issues/).

## Aggregated Trace Metrics (ATM)

> Aggregated trace metrics can be exported by the OpenTelemetry Collector [/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/spanmetricsprocessor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/spanmetricsprocessor) this allows metrics to be calculated off trace data and metrics to be exported from the Collector. We are adapting Jaeger to be able to read metrics from a Prometheus compatible backend, but additional backends may be supported. For additional information see [jaeger/pull/2946](https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger/pull/2946). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aggregated trace metrics can be exported by the OpenTelemetry Collector's [span metrics processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/spanmetricsprocessor) this allows metrics to be calculated off trace data and exported from the Collector. We are adapting Jaeger to be able to read metrics from a Prometheus compatible backend, but additional backends may be supported. For additional information see [Issue #2954](https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger/issues/2954). 
```

I don't recommend long paths/urls in the main text, they make the paragraph alignment messed up.
